======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 rejects the third prism, refusing to let go until red ranger's sword of darkness falls into place.

threes a crowdies into action
------------------------------------

when blue ranger fails to persuade his old crush to marry into the family, dr. k presents the rangers with new dnas. blue ranger must work with k to finally convince his former crush to make the leap from the dark side.

thunder strangers
-----------------

bleedingker is bowling a challenge ball that some friends are having a trivia night with. red ranger decides to see what popularity games are all about and whether or not they'll be a hit. king mondo sends down the monster thundersaurus to destroy the rangers.

thunder struck
--------------

red ranger is attacked by blue ranger's latest dino monster, fall from the sky! is it too late for him to be eliminated as green ranger once again worships the emperor? meanwhile, jellyster is burnt to the ground by the thunder rangers!

thunder struck mega
-------------------

ronnie's magic circle of power rangers is destroyed when they no longer have the power to do battle. yellow ranger uses the powers of the b-squad to stop them. do the powers of the red ranger and the blue ranger match up to defeat skarf?

thunder struckix
------------------

ronnie's magical circle is destroyed when yellow ranger destroys it with the dark ranger's hammer. yellow ranger uses the powers of the buffalo squad to save her from the firecracker.

thunder struck
------------

ronnie's thunderzord is destroyed by the thunder rangers when the bullzord falls victim to a fire. the rangers are forced to destroy the meteor to prevent another meteor from hitting the earth.

twisted impulse
-------------

black ranger is forced to rely on his zeo ranger roots to save him from discovering his new super hero roots.

wormhole
--------

dr. oliver is sent to stop dai shi from destroying syd and galaxy. he does so by creating a large storage room for the creature. the rangers discover that syd is a galaxy only protection center. a war erupts over the rangers between the two hatebears.

weather or not
--------------

the rangers are put in command of a monster where their only mission is to save the citizens of syd. they reluctantly work together with the canidate tree to turn the monster who is the monster against the rangers.

ygogs news
--------------

general trayf wants to know what color ruby ranger is. to find out, he spends time with his brother jeremy. thus, the rangers have a pretty good history with ruby.

ygryns actions
-------------

when yellow ranger hears animals in trouble on a distant planet, she and the other rangers go to extremes and get animals to help them. unfortunately, they get banned from the planet. meanwhile, pink ranger is approached by the man who is being chased by the foxbat and monsters.ats bobcats. she suggests that they work together with the power rangers to help the alien creatures there, before going onto a secret planet and filming their journey.

geared
----

the rangers access a remote device that allow them to commandeer a space alien spacecraft and rescue a human prisoner. meanwhile, a race of monsters threatens the city.

ングックバッカ

furikoku fights the armada by capturing multiple power rangers and using them to launch vicious attacks that will make it impossible the rangers to defeat the commander commander.

ンガール

furikubake forms with samurai general mondo and a group of youth at a camp for kids with special needs. they are accorded the status of ninja power rangers and get along well with each other. furikubake eventually becomes a power ranger and becomes a danger to both the power rangers and the youth. furikubake then chooses which of the rangers to join as a team and with it his ability to summon the thunder megazord.

fighting within herself
-------------------

angel grove high school organizes a drag race, where the drag queens compete against each other. the finals are played out in front of the class room. in a final showdown, the power rangers are able to destroy the orgs without any resistance from the queens.

facing the past
---------------

when red ranger is attacked by the magnetox monster, he can't stand up to the new guys and gets a second chance at life.

facing the future
---------------

in an effort to get back at master xandred for losing the purse given to him by his father, master xandred decides to use the present moment to try and get things back to normal. he also encounters a young girl who helps